# Introduction
* Most of the chemical reactions employed in the chemical industry are performed in the presence of a catalyst. This is because catalysts are useful in promoting the chemical reaction, and consequently higher product yield can be expected.
* Another popular usage of catalysts is to convert hazardous waste into less harmful products. This is often related to the automobiles, as catalysts are used to convert the harmful nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon monooxides (CO), and unburnt hydrocarbons in car exhaust.
* In addition, there is a growing consensus that the world's increased demand for fuels and base chemicals will need to be met by so-called "carbon-neutral" technologies. For example, researchers are trying to convert the carbon dioxides (CO2) into the useful hydrocarbon compounds. Catalysts are of great importance for this purpose, meaning the catalytic science is definitely a key technology for the global environmental issues.

* Traditionally, the field for catalytic science is divided into three areas: heterogeneous, homogeneous, and enzyme catalysis.
* Heterogeneous catalysis are present in a phase that is different from that of the reactants: typically, the reactants are in gas or liquid phase but the catalyst is a solid material. Thus the reactions mainly take place at the surface of the solid material.
* Homogeneous catalysts operate in the same phase as the reactants. This category involves many important reactions in organic chemistry, where the molecular catalyst such as transition metal complexes work as catalyst and convert the reactant species into product species. As a result the homogeneous catalysis plays a significant role in drug synthesis or polymer science.
* Enzyme catalysts are specialized proteins. The chemically active part of enzymes is often a tiny part of the protein, and enzyme catalysis can be viewed as a special kind of heterogeneous catalysis. Obviously, this field is important in biochemistry or pharmacology.
